***********************************************
*** IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RECITATION
*** AND INTERNET BROWSING IN THE ALIM
***********************************************

Assalam-u-alaikum and thank you for choosing ISL Software 
Corporation, makers of The Alim, for your Islamic 
computing needs. Please read the following for important 
information about getting the most of your Alim.

1. This Release of The Alim uses the Microsoft Windows
Media Player Release 6.01 or above for all audio and video 
playback. If you would like to use the recitation features 
built into The Alim, you will need to make sure that the 
Microsoft Windows Media Player is installed on your 
computer. If you're not sure that you have Microsoft 
Windows Media Player, please run the program called 
SetupMediaPlayer.exe located in the REDIST folder on your 
Alim CD. This will install or update your current version 
to Version 6.01. If you would like to download and install 
the latest version, please go to 

http://www.microsoft.com/windows/mediaplayer

2. This Release of The Alim uses Microsoft Internet 
Explorer 4.0 or above for all Internet access. If you would
like to use the Internet browsing features built into The
Alim, you will need to make sure that Microsoft Internet
Explorer is installed on your computer. We recommend 
installing and using Internet Explorer 4.01 with Service 
Pack 1. Please visit 

http://www.microsoft.com/ie

to download and install the latest version. If you do not
wish to use the built-in Internet features of The Alim,
then you do not need to download or install Internet
Explorer.

Please e-mail support@islsoftware.com or call 
301-622-3915 for help.

The Alim Development Team.